docs: add incompatibility matrix for Pro services (#2615)
canonical/ubuntu-pro-client: docs/references/compatibility_matrix.md

# compatibility matrix for Ubuntu Pro services

> Some Ubuntu Pro services are compatible with each other. The following
> matrix display the services that are compatible:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many Ubuntu Pro services are compatible with each other, but some are not.
The following matrix displays the services that are compatible:
```
